that's my donkey charlie not so good
going
yes, you do not need to be afraid we have
I'm here now at the animal clinic
go in now and get the doctor and
that should look at charly
Hello hello woman then you could sit
please come out of the donkey of ours
daughter is not feeling well
could you look at me
do not know exactly
he has not been for two weeks
a lot of
or almost nothing and stands whole
time only in the corner and if I
do not play and do not okay me
bring him in
what is missing what we can do there
That's a great idea woman then hate
Let's do it now
here is the stall I make the gate and
Charlie the sharks
come here we have a new one
roommate
I'm glad that's charlie
then it gets better
very sweet as they look each other
I have also cuddled and determined
Woman does not mind us
Visit charlie here and now